README.md, before:

# _Mr. Roboger's Neighborhood_

#### _A number list generator, 08/21/2020_

#### By _**Jaki Widby**_

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Its purpose and usage.  Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does, and any other information you want users or other developers to have. }_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Known Bugs

_ _

## Support and contact details

_For questions or comments please email jaki.widby@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

* _JavaScript_
* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _Bootstrap_
* _jQuery_

## Specifications

[X] The program returns a range of numbers   from 0 to the user's inputted number.

[X] The program replaces all numbers containing the number 3 with "Won't you be my neighbor?"

[X] The program replaces all numbers containing the number 2 with "Boop!"

[X] The program replaces all numbers containing the number 1 with "Beep!"

### License

*This project is licensed under the MIT license*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Jaki Widby_**

Commit message:

add final spec, update specs with input and output, FIFTH SPEC COMPLETE

README.md, after:

# _Mr. Roboger's Neighborhood_

#### _A number list generator, 08/21/2020_

#### By _**Jaki Widby**_

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Its purpose and usage.  Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does, and any other information you want users or other developers to have. }_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Known Bugs

_ _

## Support and contact details

_For questions or comments please email jaki.widby@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

* _JavaScript_
* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _Bootstrap_
* _jQuery_

## Specifications

[X] Spec: _The program returns a range of numbers   from 0 to the user's inputted number._
    Input: "5"
    Output: "0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5"

[X] Spec: _The program replaces all numbers containing the number 3 with "Won't you be my neighbor?"_
    Input: "5"
    Output: "0, 1, 2, Won't you be my neighbor?, 4, 5"

[X] Spec: _The program replaces all numbers containing the number 2 with "Boop!"_
    Input: "5"
    Output: "0, 1, Boop!, 3, 4, 5"

[X] Spec: _The program replaces all numbers containing the number 1 with "Beep!"_
    Input: "5"
    Output: "0, Beep!, 2, 3, 4, 5"

[X] Spec: _Higher number exceptions apply before lower number exceptions apply._
    Input: "13"
    Output: "0, Beep!, Boop!, Won't you be my neighbor?, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, Beep!, Beep!, Boop!, Won't you be my neighbor?"

### License

*This project is licensed under the MIT license*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Jaki Widby_**
